PERFECT LIFE
WHEN IT ALL GOES BACK A LONG WAY
Dear...
What are you doing here?
ONE WEEK BEFORE
He's really changed, hasn't he?
Actually, he has.
Same as me. I was born
with black hair then turned blonde.
I don't mean his hair.
He's like a different baby.
He's cuter.
He's different.
He was cute before.
-He's cute, got a problem with that?
-It's in his genes.
He's falling asleep.
-Shush, he's falling asleep.
-Okay.
What shall we do?
What do you mean?
I don't know...
Now that he's asleep.
What?
Hang on, hang on.
-He's asleep.
-He's moving.
-No, he's asleep.
-Sure?
He's asleep, I promise.
I'm coming.
Me too.
Did you just fake it?
-Huh?
-You faked it.
-Me?
-You never come like that.
-Well, now I do.
-It's never that tone. Never.
-What tone?
-You faked it.
Are you a musician?
Are you keeping tabs on my moans?
Maria...
-What?
-You can tell me. It's OK.
Did you fake it?
-A bit.
-Jesus...
Just a little bit.
-You can't fake "a little bit".
-You said it was OK.
Did you ever before?
I promise it's the first time.
I haven't come since I gave birth.
Not when I masturbate nor with Xosé.
Never.
Did you tell him?
No.
No, no, no...
I'm embarrassed he'd think
I have a problem.
In what way?
Because I had a baby.
Yes, and that's why I don't want to look
at myself or be looked at...
What do you do during sex?
I don't let him eat me out.
And I fake orgasms.
Why?
Because we're at it, things are hot,
we're good, you know?
I'm embarrassed he might think
something's weird with me and obsess...
Obsess and what else?
And leave me.
Nice...
-Is that my lighter?
-Yeah.
Want a light?
-Hey.
-What?
I was thinking that...
I've got a conference in Valencia
this weekend.
Would it be crazy if you joined me?
We could sort of rent a suite
with a hot tub,
order champagne...
A hot tub?
-A hot tub.
-All right then.
Okay.
Your mother.
-What?
-Your mother is calling.
-Hello.
-Hello, do you have a reservation?
No, I'm meeting someone.
Thank you.
Hi, Mom...
-Hi.
-How are you?
Fine.
-Sorry I'm a bit late.
-It's alright.
How is that renovation coming along,
the one in Gràcia?
The owners are delighted.
We recovered the hydraulic tile floor
and a vaulted ceiling.
I'm thinking of changing
the kitchen floor.
Know what today is?
You had to bring it up.
Please don't start.
Would you like dessert?
Do you have egg flan, your specialty?
-Yes.
-I'll have that.
You have to try it, it's delicious.
I'm so full.
A black coffee for me.
Thanks.
Just like your father.
No dessert.
Have you spoken? How is he?
He's fine, Mom.
How is he getting on with...?
Oh, what was her name?
You know exactly what her name is.
What do you even care?
Well I do care.
He might remember
that today would be our anniversary.
You know what? You don't celebrate
when you're separated.
-If anything, the divorce.
-Divorce is for cowards.
The brave thing is to fight.
If we'd fought a little bit,
we'd still be together.
I wish your father was like Pablo.
Things would be very different.
Because... How are you two?
Fine, Mom. We're fine.
Take care of each other.
Don't do as I did,
don’t neglect the relationship...
It's important.
I can't stand it when you get like this.
I'm going, okay?
My treat.
Bye.
-Hello.
-Good morning.
I'm here to see Xosé.
He's in a meeting right now.
-Who are you?
-I'm his girlfriend.
Gosh. I didn't know he had one.
-What a player!
-Yep.
-You're pretty.
-Thanks.
-Do you mind if I wait over there?
-Sure.
You paint with your soul,
your pussy, your dick...
-With emotion, of course.
-Come off it!
Fuck realism.
Screw realism!
Screw it!
It's not a realistic beach,
but you can feel it, right?
-No!
-No way.
What do you see?
Cubist conceptualism
of female sensuality and diversity.
Take that!
I see a beach, definitely.
-He's an ass-licker.
-Who, me?
Ass-licker! Ass-licker!
Bloody hell, my sister.
Did you come to see me?
Xosé, actually.
I didn't know you gave classes.
Haven't you changed!
You're secretive.
Well, there isn't much to tell.
Did she tell you about Julia?
That screws that.
-What happened?
-Nothing, nothing happened.
-Meaning?
-I have to talk to her.
About what?
No!
Esther.
-The wedding is in 20 days.
-I know it is.
-She should tell her.
-Sure.
Guys, I promise I'll tell her today, okay?
When I'm about to tell her, I shit myself.
Not metaphorically,
I literally shit myself.
Pure diarrhea, girl.
-Hang on a sec...
-No, don't say it.
Don't even try.
Hi.
-Hi.
-What brings you here?
-Surprise visit.
-Oh...
How is it going?
How are you?
Juli! I'm going to stay with some folks
watching a movie.
I'll join you later for dessert,
go and have dinner. Don't wait for me.
Will you take the girls tomorrow?
Yes, it's my turn.
CRIS:
What about this weekend then?
ÁLEX: writing...
ÁLEX:
I thought you wouldn't dare. ;-)
CRIS: Maybe you don't dare.
ALEX writing...
ALEX: Give me the details
and I'll buy the tickets.
CRIS:
I'll email them to you tomorrow morning.
Just a second,
I'm sending a ticket, then I'm done...
-Done.
-You're a workaholic.
Gorgeous.
I love who you are.
-I love you.
-Me too.
-Hiya.
-Hi.
-How are you?
-Good.
The film ended late, didn't it?
It wasn't a film.
It was "smoking grass
while watching crap films."
I made that name up.
I just thought you'd be earlier.
Are you angry or what?
No.
Hey...
I was gonna call,
but my battery went.
My cell radically died on me.
Radically...
Well, next time your phone dies
radically...
...you borrow someone else's
and you text me
so I know the Russian mafia
hasn't kidnapped you
and is selling your organs
all over Barcelona.
Seriously?
Who's gonna want the liver of a drunkard?
By the way,
I'm going to have drinks
with the Sants gang on Friday.
And is that for my information
or an invitation?
Do you want to come?
You'll be bored shitless.
-Why?
-They're into trap.
-To what?
-They're always totally wired.
You'll be bored stupid.
-Is trap sort of like rap?
-A hybrid.
A hybrid.
I was thinking...
We could go to one of Juanito's
swimming lessons together.
The three of us?
Sure, and do the exercises together.
A bit weird.
Gari should go.
Gari doesn't want to.
-He's pissed off.
-Right.
It isn't just for parents, you know?
One girl went with her boyfriend.
Right, Juanito?
I don't see it.
All right, then.
We'll go by ourselves.
If you drown, I'll save you.
I'll go.
-But just one day.
-One day.
It's so nice in the tub, right?
Okay.
-We're going to the pool!
-Right.
With Xosé.
This robe smells weird.
-Sort of damp.
-I'll go get another.
Be right back.
Hi, honey.
How was it?
-No, no, I'm having a poo.
-Oh, sorry.
It's okay.
I'll tell you in a sec.
How have you been?
I was listening to trap.
How was it?
People spouting filth
with an electro backing
to make them seem like singers.
So, you thought it was shit.
Well, yeah, that too.
But I'd like to go with you on Friday.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah, and that way...
...I get to know your pals.
If I listen to trap with others
I might understand it.
What did you want to tell me?
I'll make dinner, okay?
Put your feet up...
I'm feeling creative.
Brilliant.
-Love you.
-Love you, too.
"Do homework together."
"Sleep in the same bed."
"Four partners each.
Kisses for partners one and two."
This is just a little girl
writing nonsense.
A child who has made a "love contract"
with classmates.
Eight of them. See the signatures?
They made up an ID card number
and took a copy home.
-How formal.
-I know couples can be different.
But different needs to stay
outside the school environment.
Pauli, sweetheart...
We don't have boyfriends and girlfriends.
-Right?
-No, we're a couple.
Then there's you and Martina.
-A team of four.
-Like a football team?
-Yes, that's right.
-That's eleven players.
-Okay, a basketball team.
-Five.
-I want football!
-She wants football.
Okay then...
Listen, we're a football team
with four players,
because seven were kicked out
for foul behavior.
-All right?
-Yes?
Okay.
-Are we a team?
-We're a team!
-Yay! A team!
-Are we a team?
We're a team.
-A team!
-Give me five.
A team!
Who doesn't want dessert?
You cheated.
You said "who doesn't want."
Let's see if you can do this.
Look. Pay attention.
Wow!
That was beautiful.
...so much...
I just remember it...
...and I get so hot...
-Luckily, I've got the stone.
-Stone? What stone?
Stop it...
Stop or we'll miss the end.
Great.
-The girls could come downstairs.
-They're asleep.
You used to love doing it on the couch.
What are you doing?
It's as hard as a rock.
Hang on, hang on...
-Like it?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
When does your train leave?
At five-thirty.
I'll be going straight from work.
Okay.
Take advantage and relax.
Okay. I'll miss you guys.
I'm going to jump in the shower.
Okay.
I'm over the moon.
-Hello.
We've come for BP 2.
Your baby's name?
-Juanito.
-Okay, locker four.
And number eight for you.
Thanks.
-Have fun.
-Thanks.
-Shall we go?
-Yeah.
Look, Juanito.
We're with Xosé.
Come on.
Aren't you coming in?
I can't.
You can't what?
I got divorced because I didn't want kids.
And look at me... Look where I am.
At a swimming lesson
for your partner's baby.
-I'm being his dad.
-No, you're not.
-Yes, I am.
-No.
I'm going, okay?
I'll wait for you outside.
We'll talk later.
Bye.
It's a question of...
I know we're good together.
The relationship is cool,
we have chemistry...
We feel comfortable and relaxed.
I know that.
But the other thing gets to you.
You feel like you're being his father.
You're not, but that's what you feel.
He's a baby, he comes with me everywhere,
so it looks like it to you.
But later on he'll have babysitters
and things.
I know that our relationship is cool.
But this really gets to you.
It stresses you, makes you anxious,
angry too.
There'll even be times
when you want to quit the relationship.
Bye, have a nice day.
Hi. Where are you?
What?
No, sure, don't worry.
Work comes first.
I completely understand.
No, of course. Take the call...
Okay, kisses.
What's up, crazy hoes?
What's up, bitch?
-Long time no see.
-What's your name?
-Julia.
-Do you use menstrual cups?
-No.
-No, okay.
Mine got lost in my pussy for two days.
I forgot I had it!
Hi, Brenda.
Julia.
Do you smoke?
Okay.
-That was some drag.
-You've got competition! Bravo!
Go ahead, tastes great.
Hi.
I have a reservation for Cristina Linares.
Getting married?
-You're marrying!
-Celebration time!
Line them up!
Dude!
Awesome!
Bravo!
Hi, Mom.
Fine.
I'm here at a conference in Valencia.
I just wanted to say that I was rude
the other day at lunch.
I'm sorry.
You have a right to be sad when you want.
Okay.
Love you, Mommy.
Dear...
What are you doing here?
I can't take it anymore.